New data source: `azurerm_advisor_recommendations` (#6867)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/advisor_recommendations.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Advisor"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_advisor_recommendations"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Advisor Recommendations.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_advisor_recommendations

Use this data source to access information about an existing Advisor Recommendations.

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}

data "azurerm_advisor_recommendations" "example" {
  categories_filter           = ["security", "cost"]
  resource_group_names_filter = ["example-resgroups"]
}

output "recommendations" {
  value = data.azurerm_advisor_recommendations.example.recommendations
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `categories_filter` - (Optional) Specifies a list of categories in which the Advisor Recommendations will be listed. Possible values are 'HighAvailability', 'Security', 'Performance', 'Cost' and 'OperationalExcellence'.

Reviewer: We'll need to quote these correctly
```suggestion
* `categories_filter` - (Optional) Specifies a list of categories in which the Advisor Recommendations will be listed. Possible values are `HighAvailability`, `Security`, `Performance`, `Cost` and `OperationalExcellence`.
```
